today I'm gonna be reviewing this little
flash card that I got one a week - its
The Artful I upgrade
there's nothing about no form where just
the are fired up great smart fly sshd
comment what can I say about this scarf
sucks but Jane why does it suck
well if everything that you don't want
in a flash card in a flash card and
that's bad real bad so basically I was
about to get a flash card because I want
ideas game because I can't really a by
EGS games here so I bought this the r4
upgrade
I saw my sister here's our board and had
some fun more numbers from his of -
somewhere apply patches sdhd and I
thought oh well this is probably the
same thing is probably really good and
it taking it because that r4i these
games well even as an idiot site but
this is not the same this is a
completely different story this is the
monstrosity of flash cards the flash
card as you can see this comes in a Ford
blue box this is awkward upgrade if you
will see any firmware or nothing about
it don't buy it please I'm begging you
by the ace card why we read the other
are for quiet ever you can
but this with this website here
if you see this website run away a
secrecy in this box this is take the
function of M s n 3d email and Skype
that's a lie because setting up Wi-Fi is
a pain in the butt
what does he Wi-Fi it not about uh you
know can I think my favorite games buzz
to connect in Wi-Fi through that called
internet browser which sucks could also
see here says uh a list of compatible D
s reviews but the only ones that really
work for the yes like well the DSi does
work but I'll three of white sucks this
you see this sdhd this is a lie if you
have an ATC card it's gonna be slow this
card will not run well if you don't
playing like a game like put him on with
this card you're gonna have to wait at
least ten six seven eight seconds just
entering a building account of building
so we see here it's a won't plated was
obviously trying to lure you to buy this
which not included you know is the worst
idea ever
if you buy this I'm going to personally
have you down but you see this just says
r4i sdhc
our 4sd sshd calm the SDHC ssh DAC and
this site is horrible I don't know why
they're doing the founding team it's not
good
this also came with a micro SD reader
and uh well it works
but on the way that I'd like to because
where I live it uh little parts they
just heard me that you touched in our
part
what kind of you computer whatever it's
gonna shock you really hard you could
say here's how it works well basically
just get the art my grass tea part of a
one gate because the four gig is gonna
lie are you
this will just put it in there
so this vienna make sure it's tight fit
what don't worried and then you have to
make sure that don't sharp yourself if
you've in the philippines you know i'm
talking about you don't shock yourself
out plugging the computer to carefully
plug in the computer in slides you hit a
little card you're in the screen name
yeah i guess it works anyway I wanted to
go and to skiing this thing is hard you
see
they're finding that they are what thing
I don't know what they're thinking also
Pat ability list for this are four
flashcard think it's so low I mean
mostly I have two games that put there
one from 2007 and the other we've got a
mortal kombat and transcendent wars they
don't work obviously the white screen
and plus you can't use any other firm
where the only ones you get it is from
this site and this head sucks so
basically you're screwed if you have
this card like me games
most likely they won't work but they run
really slow games say for every will go
it up it's horrible
don't buy it please I'm begging you if
you see this I'm I'm gonna get
flamethrower and whatever also this is
Wi-Fi I didn't say Wi-Fi here is a lie
you can see here of my my infinity a
slight yeah the hint of this is broken
so it's good and it says here are four
that's less 80s and basically there's
three menus one for music which I
probably don't use because of an iPod
one for Wi-Fi you know this is Wi-Fi but
don't believe them there's no there's no
configuration settings and whatever and
here's how you play games it's weird
that like here you can touch it takes a
while to
but here you can't touch I don't I don't
know why dual-core do coronally know
that means dual-core madness insanity
that you get when you buy this card
hungry so you can see there's three of
men user to choose from this card and TD
as I remember this is a car so they
basically ripped it off but there's
offer yes
he hasn't back back to the worst
whatever but basically when I used I
used our 40s it's basically a little
menu showing you wasn't the flash the SD
card so I'm a fool to hear this fault
and yes games and you see have a bunch
of games here and only few of them work
so I'm begging you there's also a good
figuration for settings you could have
to game a which I have no idea what that
means we said cheat which if you get
this game to work then probably I don't
know I've been able to use cheats
because I like to play games fair and
square
I think you see here it has says the TDS
and you and it actually looks like a
menu except takes forever to use it
which I won't even bother use anymore so
you have configuration settings like the
other one so I went into the face thingy
that you saw on the right and it has
three things email messenger and Skype
and I haven't tried this yet but I don't
know how scared would work he is
the dozens so it's a lie I have cake so
I basically what I'm trying to tell you
is if you get this card you're basically
screwed
there's nothing you gonna do get any
other flashcard even though other clones
they probably bored you even better than
this and you can also check out the
websites in Chinese so yeah thank you
for watching and please don't buy this
card
you